The paper of Alexander Hellwig deals with the problems of code generation in Component and Connector (C&C) models in automotive industry.

At first he states why a good architecture and sufficient code generation is necessary.
He also describes current ways of modelling Cyber-Physical Systems (CPSs) in industry. He mentiones the well known development process SMARDT by BMW and the often used SysML.

To give an introduction to the topic he illustrates the abstraction used within software developement. He further introduces the middlewar components and domain specific languages he uses in order to create a running example of a trajectory system. He precisely explaines the syntax in a very easy to follow and udnerstandable way. Also he lists 6 requirements a multi-platform modelling approach should fulfill in order to create a sophisticated tool.

The main part is about the usage of the previously mentioned compontents to implement the trajectory system. This is done by using multiple well structured diagrams.

Finally he uses the simulation framework Gazebo to simulate the approach in action proving a video, showing the simulator executing the approach. 


Major issues:
1. Structure:
You often write the whole chapter with a very few paragraphs or sections. This leads to huge blocks of text, which not only reduces the attention of the reader, but also reduces the understandability.

2. Sentence length:
Some of the sentences you wrote are perfect in terms of grammar, but are so long that they cover more than 7 lines of full width. Had to read them like 4 times to completely understand whats going on.
Other sentences are not that long but have many subordinate clauses distracting and confusing me from time to time. 

3. R1-R6:
In chapter 4 you state 6 requirements that should be fulfilled by a sophisticated multi-platform modeling approach. But, except R1, you don't use them anywhere else. This leads to the question: why are we even stating those requirements, if they are not necessary for further usage?


Minor issues:
1. Figure 4.3->4.2:
In chapter 4 you have the sentence: "...respective artifacts is provided in fig. 4.3", but I think you want to refer to fig. 4.2 instead since that os the overview you mentioned in the sentence.

2. Commas:
There are a few times you don't use a comma, where I intuitively would use one. If that is a mistake I made or not is not really clear to me. 

3. Abstract:
The abstract is missing any kind of headline. I don't know if it is meant to be that way, but it confused me a bit.

Grammar/Typos:
- chapter "Introduction": you state SysML, but wrote SyML.
- chapter "Introduction": you write cyber-physical systems in uppercase but in teh abstract it is written in lowercase
- chapter "Preliminaries": it says: "models such as Architecture Description Languages". It sounds like you say that the type of languages are models or something like that. Would maybe rephrase it

(maybe write me an e-mail: timo-bergerbusch@rwth-aachen.de 
I annotated the paper on-the-fly with all typos, commas or what-evers i've found. I think it's easier for both of us to share them that way)

Otherwise you have a very good way of writing, great englisch language skills and really seem to understand your topic.

Cheers,
Timo Bergerbusch